.TH bplgt 1 "June 10, 2010" "Logtalk 2.41.1" "Logtalk Documentation"

.SH NAME
bplgt \-- Logtalk integration script for B-Prolog

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bplgt

.SH DESCRIPTION
\f3bplgt\f1 is a Logtalk integration script for B-Prolog. It automatically loads the B-Prolog config file, the Logtalk compiler and runtime,  the Logtalk default table of library names and paths, and any existing settings file found on the startup directory or in the Logtalk user directory.

.SH REQUIREMENTS
B-Prolog 7.4 or a later version is required.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B LOGTALKHOME
Specifies the location of the Logtalk installation.
.TP
.B LOGTALKUSER
Specifies the location of the Logtalk user directory.

.SH FILES
.TP
.BI $LOGTALKHOME/integration/logtalk_bp.pl
Prolog file used for loading the necessary files for starting Logtalk using B-Prolog as the back-end compiler.
.TP
.BI $LOGTALKHOME/configs/b.pl
The B-Prolog config file.
.TP
.BI $LOGTALKHOME/compiler/logtalk.pl
The Logtalk compiler and runtime file.
.TP
.BI $LOGTALKUSER/libpaths/libpaths.pl
The default table of library names and paths.
.TP
.BI ./settings.lgt
Logtalk settings file (for overriding default settings in the config files). May not exist.
.TP
.BI $LOGTALKUSER/settings.lgt
Logtalk settings file (for overriding default settings in the config files). May not exist.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
The Logtalk website at http://logtalk.org/
.PP
The Logtalk User and Reference Manuals at $LOGTALKHOME/manuals/index.html
.PP
The B-Prolog website at http://www.probp.com/
.PP
logtalk_user_setup(1),\ logtalk_version_select(1),\ logtalk_backend_select(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Paulo Moura <pmoura@logtalk.org>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 1998-2010 Paulo Moura.
