.TH swilgt 1 "June 10, 2010" "Logtalk 2.42.3" "Logtalk Documentation"

.SH NAME
swilgt \-- Logtalk integration script for SWI-Prolog

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B swilgt
[
.BI \-g\ goal
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\f3swilgt\f1 is a Logtalk integration script for SWI-Prolog. It automatically loads the SWI-Prolog config file, the Logtalk compiler and runtime,  the Logtalk default table of library names and paths, and any existing settings file found on the startup directory or in the Logtalk user directory.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-g\ goal
Initialization goal, written between double quotes, to be executed after Logtalk startup.

.SH REQUIREMENTS
SWI-Prolog 5.8.0 or later is required. This integration script looks first for a "swipl" SWI-Prolog executable and, if not found, tries "pl".

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B LOGTALKHOME
Specifies the location of the Logtalk installation.
.TP
.B LOGTALKUSER
Specifies the location of the Logtalk user directory.

.SH FILES
.TP
.BI $LOGTALKHOME/integration/logtalk_swi.pl
Prolog file used for loading the necessary files for starting Logtalk using SWI-Prolog as the back-end compiler.
.TP
.BI $LOGTALKHOME/configs/swi.pl
The SWI-Prolog config file.
.TP
.BI $LOGTALKHOME/compiler/logtalk.pl
The Logtalk compiler and runtime file.
.TP
.BI $LOGTALKUSER/libpaths/libpaths.pl
The default table of library names and paths.
.TP
.BI $LOGTALKHOME/configs/swihooks.pl
Hooks file for supporting loading Logtalk entities using SWI-Prolog load_files/2 and consult/1 predicates and to support edit/1 and make/0.
.TP
.BI $LOGTALKHOME/configs/xpcehooks.pl
Hooks file for supporting Logtalk message sending goals as XPCE call-back goals.
.TP
.BI ./settings.lgt
Logtalk settings file (for overriding default settings in the config files). May not exist.
.TP
.BI $LOGTALKUSER/settings.lgt
Logtalk settings file (for overriding default settings in the config files). May not exist.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
The Logtalk website at http://logtalk.org/
.PP
The Logtalk User and Reference Manuals at $LOGTALKHOME/manuals/index.html
.PP
The SWI-Prolog website at http://www.swi-prolog.org/
.PP
logtalk_user_setup(1),\ logtalk_version_select(1),\ logtalk_backend_select(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Paulo Moura <pmoura@logtalk.org>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 1998-2011 Paulo Moura.
